docs: Add a disclaimer to avoid using internal metrics (#1880)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/02-logs.md

The Telemetry module ensures that the log agent instances are operational and healthy at any time, for example, with buffering and retries. However, there may be situations when the instances drop logs, or cannot handle the log load.

> To detect and fix such situations, check the [pipeline status](./resources/02-logpipeline.md#logpipeline-status) and check out [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting). The pipeline status is exposed via dedicated [metrics](./04-metrics.md#5-monitor-pipeline-health) of a MetricPipeline which can be alerted and reported on in an integrated backend like [SAP CloudLogging](./integration/sap-cloud-logging/README.md#use-sap-cloud-logging-alerts).

Author: Same as above

> To detect and fix such situations, check the [pipeline status](./resources/02-logpipeline.md#logpipeline-status) and check out [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting). The pipeline status is exposed via dedicated [metrics](./04-metrics.md#5-monitor-pipeline-health) of a MetricPipeline which can be alerted and reported on in an integrated backend like [SAP CloudLogging](./integration/sap-cloud-logging/README.md#use-sap-cloud-logging-alerts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To detect and fix such situations, check the [pipeline status](./resources/02-logpipeline.md#logpipeline-status) and check out [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting). If you have set up [pipeline health monitoring](./04-metrics.md#5-monitor-pipeline-health), check the alerts and reports in an integrated backend like [SAP Cloud Logging](./integration/sap-cloud-logging/README.md#use-sap-cloud-logging-alerts).
```
